Fix installation issues for #15090 (#15105)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/Samples_Overview.md

### <a name="build-samples-linux"></a>Build the Sample Applications on Linux

The officially supported Linux build environment is the following:

* Ubuntu 18.04 LTS 64-bit or Ubuntu 20.04 LTS 64-bit
* GCC 7.5.0 (for Ubuntu 18.04) or GCC 9.3.0 (for Ubuntu 20.04)
* CMake version 3.10 or higher

> **NOTE**: For building samples from the open-source version of OpenVINO toolkit, see the [build instructions on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode).

To build the C or C++ sample applications for Linux, go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/c` or `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/cpp` directory, respectively, and run the `build_samples.sh` script:
```sh
build_samples.sh
```

Once the build is completed, you can find sample binaries in the following folders:

> * C samples: `~/openvino_c_samples_build/<hardware_name>/Release`
> * C++ samples: `~/openvino_cpp_samples_build/<hardware_name>/Release`
> where the `hardware_name` is the output of `uname -m`, for example, `intel64`, `armhf`, or `aarch64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* C samples: `~/openvino_c_samples_build/<architecture>/Release`
* C++ samples: `~/openvino_cpp_samples_build/<architecture>/Release`
where the <architecture> is the output of `uname -m`, for example, `intel64`, `armhf`, or `aarch64`.
```

make
```

> For the release configuration, the sample application binaries are in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Release/`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the release configuration, the sample application binaries are in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Release/`;
```

> for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Debug/`.

Reviewer 3: => architecture 

in other places as well

Reviewer: we're on it ;)

> for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Debug/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Debug/`.
```

> for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Debug/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Debug/`.
```

> for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Debug/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Debug/`.
```

Microsoft Visual Studio and open the generated solution file from the `C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Intel\OpenVINO\openvino_cpp_samples_build\Samples.sln`
directory.

### <a name="build-samples-macos"></a>Build the Sample Applications on macOS

The officially supported macOS build environment is the following:

* macOS 10.15 64-bit or higher
* Clang compiler from Xcode 10.1 or higher
* CMake version 3.13 or higher

> **NOTE**: For building samples from the open-source version of OpenVINO toolkit, see the [build instructions on GitHub](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/wiki/BuildingCode).

To build the C or C++ sample applications for macOS, go to the `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/c` or `<INSTALL_DIR>/samples/cpp` directory, respectively, and run the `build_samples.sh` script:
```sh
build_samples.sh
```

Once the build is completed, you can find sample binaries in the following folders:

> * C samples: `~/openvino_c_samples_build/<hardware_name>/Release`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* C samples: `~/openvino_c_samples_build/<architecture>/Release`
```

> * C++ samples: `~/openvino_cpp_samples_build/<hardware_name>/Release`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* C++ samples: `~/openvino_cpp_samples_build/<architecture>/Release`
```

> where the `hardware_name` is the output of `uname -m`, for example, `intel64` or `arm64`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where the `<architecture>` is the output of `uname -m`, for example, `intel64` or `arm64`.
```

make
```

> For the release configuration, the sample application binaries are in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Release/`;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the release configuration, the sample application binaries are in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Release/`;
```

> for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<hardware_name>/Debug/`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
for the debug configuration — in `<path_to_build_directory>/<architecture>/Debug/`.
```
